Add hotels to workshop infos (#413)
precice/precice.github.io: pages/community/precice-workshop-2024.md

If you are a holder of a [preCICE suport license](https://precice.org/community-support-precice.html#2-support-license), three members of your organisation are exempt of the registration fee and can register to the workshop by simply writing to [preCICE2024@simtech.uni-stuttgart.de](mailto:preCICE2024@simtech.uni-stuttgart.de) before the registration deadline.
{% endnote %}

## The venue

The 5th preCICE Workshop will be held at the [Campus Vaihingen](https://www.uni-stuttgart.de/en/university/map/) of the University of Stuttgart. Campus Vaihingen is located between the city district of Vaihingen (easily reachable by bus) and the city center of Stuttgart (15 min away by suburban rail).

The exact building and room number will be provided a few weeks before the event. The venue of the invited dinner will also made public a few weeks before the event.

> For those who whish to exted their stay in Stuttgart, we refer you to [Stuttgart Tourism](https://www.stuttgart-tourist.de/en). Besides, the [Cansstater Volkfest](https://www.wasen.de/), a major event in the city of Stuttgart, will take place from September 27 to Oktober 13.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those who wish to extend their stay in Stuttgart, we refer you to [Stuttgart Tourism](https://www.stuttgart-tourist.de/en). Besides, the [Cannstatter Volksfest](https://www.wasen.de/), a major event in the city of Stuttgart, will take place from September 27 to October 13.
```
